Update Project to Use Poetry (#68)
nautobot/nautobot-docker-compose: docs/plugins.md

> # PLUGINS

Reviewer: Change `Plugins` to `Apps` throughout please.

Author: Done.

To add plugins you will need to build a custom container with the plugin(s) installed.  There are multiple ways to add a plugin to your environment but this document will show the standard method pulling from PyPI.

## Getting Started Using Plugins

1. Follow the steps in the README to create your Poetry environment and ensure you can build a container.

> 2. To add a specific plugin to your environment with Poetry, you simply need to use the `poetry add` command. For example, to add the Golden Configuration plugin you would do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. To add a specific App to your environment with Poetry, you simply need to use the `poetry add` command. For example, to add the Device Onboarding App you would do the following:
```

```bash
poetry add nautobot-device-onboarding
```

> 3. This command should automatically trigger Poetry to see the versions you've specified for Nautobot and your other dependencies in the `pyproject.toml` file and find the most compatible version that is within the limits of the versions defined in your `pyproject.toml`.  If you wish to use a specific version you can append that to the command like so:

Author: Good question. I would expect the user to want to specify their version of Nautobot so I can add a step to do this.

> 3. This command should automatically trigger Poetry to see the versions you've specified for Nautobot and your other dependencies in the `pyproject.toml` file and find the most compatible version that is within the limits of the versions defined in your `pyproject.toml`.  If you wish to use a specific version you can append that to the command like so:

Author: Good point. Will revise.
